Modify rule S4782: Adapt to LaYC (#2681)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S4782/javascript/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

In TypeScript, there are two ways to define properties or parameters that are potentially ``++undefined++``: 

> * Union with `undefined`: Adding ``++| undefined++`` in the property type makes property __required__, but can be `undefined`. Use this syntax when you want to be explicit that an object has that property, in which case the TypeScript compiler will not allow omitting it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Union with `undefined`: Adding ``++| undefined++`` in the property type makes the property __required__, but can be `undefined`. Use this syntax when you want to be explicit that an object should provide that property, in which case the TypeScript compiler will not allow omitting it.
```

[source,javascript]
----
interface Person {
  name: string;
  address: string | undefined;
}

let John = { name: "John", address: undefined };
----

> * Optional property syntax (``++?++`` after its name): The property is __optional__ and, therefore, will be `undefined` for the Typescript compiler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Optional property syntax (``++?++`` after its name): The property is __optional__, which means that an object can omit it and let the TypeScript compiler provide it as being `undefined`.
```

[source,javascript]
----
interface Person {
  name: string;
  address?: string;
}

let John = { name: "John" };
----

> This rule checks for optional property declarations that use both the "?" syntax and the union with `undefined`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule checks for optional property declarations that use both the `?` syntax and unions with `undefined`.
```

[source,javascript,diff-id=1,diff-type=noncompliant]
----
interface Person {
  name: string;
  address?: string | undefined;   // Noncompliant: using both syntaxes is redundant
}
----

> Choose one of the syntaxes to declare optional properties and remove the other one. Consider using only ``++| undefined++`` if you want to force the property in the object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Choose one of the syntaxes to declare optional properties and remove the other one. Consider using only ``++| undefined++`` if you want to make the property explicit in the object.
```
